This is not,
You know better than me, please tell me,
Don’t those investors explain it better than you?
It must have been a risk, so it was worth the money.
Of course the union is our family, they least believe it,
But you can't think this way.
I said, what did the price give you?
I'll just give him a few English sentences,
I won't give you anything in this house that I didn't give you today,
You want to bid more today, right? So what do you say?
Everyone has to sing at the top
I want to accompany you and help you hear your life plans
First, so many companies were directly transferred out.
He is quite drunk now
better than us
Just stop getting new ones.